# `diff-jfk`

## This is the way.

If you ended up directly here without context, you probably want to [go back
one level and read the explanation](../).

I've broken up all of the `diff-jfk` generated files so that they can be viewed
here in the github interface, just click through to each of the `folder_`, and the 
`new` files that I haven't modified are also in their own folder.

## Issues and Discussion

If you want to leave a comment, or just come across something cool or
interesting that you want to share with others, please open a new thread or
join one over in the [discussions](https://github.com/ivanov/diff-jfk/discussions).

Please report any issues you come across in the `diff-jfk` data. In particular,
I'd like to know if I have mislabelled some of the 2025 releases which I marked
as new, so do let me know if there's a prior version of one of those documents,
so that I can generate a proper diff of those. I'd also like to know if
some of the file contents from NARA have changed. This last part might seem
like an odd, but here's are [some examples of document id confusion from
2018](http://rgr-cyt.org/2018/01/confusion-at-nara/): multiple record
identifiers mapping to the same file name, and the same filename having
different version depending on when it was downloaded.

## Parting thoughts

It took more time than you might expect to tinker around and connect all of the
dots to produce `diff-jfk`. I hope you enjoy perusing it as much as I do. If
you end up finding something interesting, why not share it with others by
posting in the [discussions](https://github.com/ivanov/diff-jfk/discussions).
For attribution, please link to either [this
post](https://pirsquared.org/blog/diff-jfk.html) or the [diff-jfk
repository](https://github.com/ivanov/diff-jfk), which you can also star if
you've got a github account and are feeling generous. I also enabled
sponsorship on that repo if you want to support my work financially. 

##  >> Happy Sleuthing << 

Paul Ivanov

